okay baby I'm gonna open that shark you
guys got picture of them all the cars on
side of them man hey man yeah I got
Humbaba we gotta go we got hold your
balance to the right here cuz he's got
all well welcome he just hit the bottom
of the boat here we go it just hit the
bottom of the boat holy cause I'm gonna
hand feed this motherfucker that thing
just hit the bottom of the boat too
handsome nothing just hit the bottom of
the boat course on 14 foot oh my god did
you see that did you see that did you
see that oh my god you just hand fed a
14-foot bull shark hammerhead ya eyes
hammer
you
while hauling in the remains of his
final fish the shirt comes back for
second sees me shot coming up and Jim's
got no idea what's going on a piece
isn't it thanks i know it's fish nets
are noise this morning to beaches two
miles of beach in San Diego California
is open despite a series of recent shark
sightings one shark was caught in a
photo Wednesday you can clearly see its
dorsal fin experts identified it as a 10
to 12-foot great white it's the third
confirmed shark sighting along the
coastline in a week beaches were
reopened yesterday when patrols found no
sign of a shark sharks have been known
to go to this area this time of year
specifically to feed on seals and sea
lions and finally a close call in
Australia on a beach take a look at this
one a great white shark lurking in the
surf you can see it there just coming
over the crest of that wave less than 30
feet away from two little boys who were
playing in the sand nearby that is the
same Beach where a shark malda
wakeboarder last month